remove uint8 data types (#8377)
spacetelescope/jwst: CHANGES.rst

- Renamed the ``jail`` fixture with ``tmp_cwd_module``. [#8327]

> - Changed the data type for several variables in ramp_fitting and
>   dq_init to not use uint8. The three ramp variables were changed to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed the data type for several variables in ramp_fitting
  to not use uint8. The three ramp variables were changed to
```

> - Changed the data type for several variables in ramp_fitting
>   to not use uint8. The three ramp variables were changed to
>   uint16 and the dq_init was set to uint32. [#8377]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed the data type for several variables in ramp_fitting
  to use uint16 instead of uint8. [#8377]
```
